https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Av_Champs_Elysees-Washington&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Av_Georges_V-Place_Dunant&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Av_Champs_Elysees-Washington__Av_Georges_V-Place_Dunant.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Pl_Concorde-Av_Champs_Elysees&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Av_Champs_Elysees-Dutuit&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Pl_Concorde-Av_Champs_Elysees__Av_Champs_Elysees-Dutuit.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Av_Champs_Elysees-Colisee&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Rond_Point_Champs_Elysees&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Av_Champs_Elysees-Colisee__Rond_Point_Champs_Elysees.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Av_Champs_Elysees-La_Boetie&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Av_Champs_Elysees-Berri&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Av_Champs_Elysees-La_Boetie__Av_Champs_Elysees-Berri.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Concorde_Ouest&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Pl_Concorde-Av_Champs_Elysees&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Concorde_Ouest__Pl_Concorde-Av_Champs_Elysees.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Av_Champs_Elysees-Berri&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Av_Champs_Elysees-Washington&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Av_Champs_Elysees-Berri__Av_Champs_Elysees-Washington.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Av_Champs_Elysees-Face_Air_Franc&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Av_Champs_Elysees-Balzac&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Av_Champs_Elysees-Face_Air_Franc__Av_Champs_Elysees-Balzac.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Pl_Concorde-Av_Champs_Elysees&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Cours_la_Reine-Concorde&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Pl_Concorde-Av_Champs_Elysees__Cours_la_Reine-Concorde.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Champs-Tilsitt&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Av_Champs_Elysees-Face_Air_Franc&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Champs-Tilsitt__Av_Champs_Elysees-Face_Air_Franc.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Cours_la_Reine-Concorde&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Sortie_Souterrain_Champs_Elysees&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Cours_la_Reine-Concorde__Sortie_Souterrain_Champs_Elysees.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Sortie_Souterrain_Champs_Elysees&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Tuileries-Sedar_Senghor&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Sortie_Souterrain_Champs_Elysees__Tuileries-Sedar_Senghor.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Av_Champs_Elysees-Face_Air_Franc&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Grande_Armee-Forge&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Av_Champs_Elysees-Face_Air_Franc__Grande_Armee-Forge.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Av_Champs_Elysees-Clemenceau&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Rond_Point_Champs_Elysees&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Av_Champs_Elysees-Clemenceau__Rond_Point_Champs_Elysees.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Rond_Point_Champs_Elysees&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Av_Champs_Elysees-Clemenceau&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Rond_Point_Champs_Elysees__Av_Champs_Elysees-Clemenceau.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Av_Champs_Elysees-Washington&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Av_Champs_Elysees-Berri&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Av_Champs_Elysees-Washington__Av_Champs_Elysees-Berri.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Av_Champs_Elysees-Colisee&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Av_Champs_Elysees-La_Boetie&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Av_Champs_Elysees-Colisee__Av_Champs_Elysees-La_Boetie.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Av_Champs_Elysees-Dutuit&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Av_Champs_Elysees-Clemenceau&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Av_Champs_Elysees-Dutuit__Av_Champs_Elysees-Clemenceau.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Rond_Point_Champs_Elysees&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Av_Champs_Elysees-Colisee&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Rond_Point_Champs_Elysees__Av_Champs_Elysees-Colisee.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Av_Champs_Elysees-Balzac&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Av_Champs_Elysees-Washington&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Av_Champs_Elysees-Balzac__Av_Champs_Elysees-Washington.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Av_Champs_Elysees-Berri&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Av_Champs_Elysees-La_Boetie&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Av_Champs_Elysees-Berri__Av_Champs_Elysees-La_Boetie.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Av_Georges_V-Place_Dunant&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Av_Champs_Elysees-Washington&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Av_Georges_V-Place_Dunant__Av_Champs_Elysees-Washington.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Convention-St_Charles&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Convention-Lourmel&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Convention-St_Charles__Convention-Lourmel.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Convention-Felix_Faure&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Convention-Nivert&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Convention-Felix_Faure__Convention-Nivert.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Convention-Lourmel&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Convention-St_Charles&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Convention-Lourmel__Convention-St_Charles.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Convention-Blomet&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Convention-Vaugirard&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Convention-Blomet__Convention-Vaugirard.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Convention-St_Charles&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Convention-Gutemberg&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Convention-St_Charles__Convention-Gutemberg.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Convention-Felix_Faure&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Convention-Lourmel&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Convention-Felix_Faure__Convention-Lourmel.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Convention-Lourmel&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Convention-Felix_Faure&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Convention-Lourmel__Convention-Felix_Faure.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Convention-Nivert&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Convention-Felix_Faure&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Convention-Nivert__Convention-Felix_Faure.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Faure-Javel&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Convention-Felix_Faure&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Faure-Javel__Convention-Felix_Faure.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Convention-Gutemberg&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Convention-St_Charles&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Convention-Gutemberg__Convention-St_Charles.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Convention-Nivert&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Lecourbe-Convention&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Convention-Nivert__Lecourbe-Convention.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Convention-Gutemberg&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Rond_Point_Mirabeau&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Convention-Gutemberg__Rond_Point_Mirabeau.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Convention-Vaugirard&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Convention-Olivier_de_Serres&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Convention-Vaugirard__Convention-Olivier_de_Serres.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Convention-Felix_Faure&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Faure-Javel&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Convention-Felix_Faure__Faure-Javel.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Lecourbe-Convention&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Convention-Nivert&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Lecourbe-Convention__Convention-Nivert.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Rond_Point_Mirabeau&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Convention-Gutemberg&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Rond_Point_Mirabeau__Convention-Gutemberg.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Lecourbe-Convention&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Convention-Blomet&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Lecourbe-Convention__Convention-Blomet.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Convention-Olivier_de_Serres&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Place_Charles_Valin&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Convention-Olivier_de_Serres__Place_Charles_Valin.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Lecourbe-Convention&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Lecourbe-Croix-Nivert&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Lecourbe-Convention__Lecourbe-Croix-Nivert.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Sevres-Babylone&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Sevres-Sts_Peres&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Sevres-Babylone__Sevres-Sts_Peres.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Sts_Peres-Voltaire&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Sts_Peres-Universite&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Sts_Peres-Voltaire__Sts_Peres-Universite.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Bd_St_Germain-St_Guillaume&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Bd_St_Germain-Sts_Peres&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Bd_St_Germain-St_Guillaume__Bd_St_Germain-Sts_Peres.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Sts_Peres-Grenelle&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Sevres-Sts_Peres&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Sts_Peres-Grenelle__Sevres-Sts_Peres.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Sts_Peres-Universite&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Bd_St_Germain-Sts_Peres&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Sts_Peres-Universite__Bd_St_Germain-Sts_Peres.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Malaquais-Bonaparte&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Sts_Peres-Voltaire&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Malaquais-Bonaparte__Sts_Peres-Voltaire.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Bd_St_Germain-Sts_Peres&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Sts_Peres-Grenelle&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Bd_St_Germain-Sts_Peres__Sts_Peres-Grenelle.csv
https://opendata.paris.fr/explore/dataset/comptages-routiers-permanents/download/?format=csv&sort=t_1h&facet=libelle&facet=t_1h&facet=libelle_nd_amont&facet=libelle_nd_aval&facet=etat_barre&refine.t_1h=2021&refine.libelle_nd_amont=Bd_St_Germain-Sts_Peres&refine.libelle_nd_aval=Bd_St_Germain-Dragon&use_labels_for_header=false&csv_separator=%3B
    out=Bd_St_Germain-Sts_Peres__Bd_St_Germain-Dragon.csv
